{
  "SECTION_11_2": "The Fund intends to rely on the safe harbour in section 864(b)(2)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, for trading in commodities of a kind customarily dealt in on an organised commodity exchange, so that it is not engaged in a United States trade or business. Because the Fund is a corporation for United States federal income tax purposes, a United States tax-exempt Shareholder that does not debt-finance its Shares should not realise unrelated business taxable income from them. The Fund reports Shareholder information to the Cayman Islands Tax Information Authority under FATCA and the Common Reporting Standard.",
  "SECTION_12_2": "The Articles may be amended by special resolution of the holders of the Management Shares, subject to the class consent in Section 2.2. The Directors may, with the agreement of the Investment Manager, vary the terms described in this Memorandum by supplement. A supplement that reduces the fees payable by a Class, shortens the period of notice required for redemptions or is otherwise not materially adverse to Shareholders takes effect on the date it specifies. A change materially adverse to the holders of a Class takes effect only after they have had an opportunity to redeem as of a prior Redemption Day free of any notice period, lock-up or early redemption charge.",
  "SUPPLEMENT_NO_1_S_2": "With effect from 1 January 2025, the Management Fee is reduced to one-twelfth of 1.75% (a rate of 1.75% per annum) of the Net Asset Value of the Class A Shares and one-twelfth of 1.25% (a rate of 1.25% per annum) of the Net Asset Value of the Class B Shares, in each case calculated and payable monthly in advance in the manner described in Section 4.1 of the Memorandum. From that date, the references in Section 1.1 and Section 4.1 of the Memorandum to rates of 2.00% and 1.50% per annum are to be read as references to 1.75% and 1.25% per annum respectively. The Performance Fee and the High Water Mark are unchanged.",
  "SUPPLEMENT_NO_2_S_6": "With effect from 1 July 2025, the Management Fee payable in respect of the Class B Shares is reduced to one-twelfth of 1.00% (a rate of 1.00% per annum) of the Net Asset Value of the Class B Shares, calculated and payable monthly in advance in the manner described in Section 4.1 of the Memorandum. The reduced rate applies to every Series of Class B Shares, including Series issued before that date. This Supplement No. 2 does not amend the Management Fee payable in respect of the Class A Shares, which continues at the rate set by Section S-2 of Supplement No. 1, and does not amend the Performance Fee payable in respect of either Class."
}