{
  "article_13": {
    "13.1": "The Partnership will maintain its assets in the custody of one or more banks or other financial institutions selected by the General Partner, in compliance with Rule 206(4)-2 under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940.",
    "13.2": "The Partnership will not engage a prime broker.",
    "13.3": "The Partnership's interests in Portfolio Funds are uncertificated and recorded in its name or that of an alternative investment vehicle on the books of the Portfolio Funds. Cash is held in the Partnership's name at one or more U.S. banks.",
    "13.4": "The Partnership may enter into currency forwards under ISDA master agreements with Ostrander Keel Bank, N.A., which acts only as a hedging counterparty and lender under Section 4.4."
  },
  "article_14": {
    "14.1": "The General Partner may enter into side letters with Limited Partners to establish rights under, or supplement or alter, this Agreement.",
    "14.2": "Within 30 days after the Final Closing Date, the General Partner must provide a compilation of side letter provisions to Limited Partners whose Capital Commitment, aggregated with those of their Affiliates and accounts under common investment control, equals or exceeds $50,000,000. Each such Limited Partner may elect, within 30 days after receipt, the benefit of any such provision, except for provisions relating to tax, legal, regulatory or policy status, granting an Advisory Committee seat, granting co-investment rights, consenting to Transfers to Affiliates, or granted in consideration of admission at the Initial Closing Date. A Limited Partner whose Capital Commitment is less than $50,000,000 has no election under this Section 14.2."
  },
  "article_15": {
    "15.1": "This Agreement, the subscription agreements of the Partners, and any agreement under Section 14.1 constitute the entire agreement of the Partners regarding the Partnership and supersede all prior agreements and understandings, including the Original Agreement, the Summary of Principal Terms, and any other offering materials. In case of conflict or inconsistency, this Agreement shall control.",
    "15.2": "This Agreement may be amended with the consent of the General Partner and a Majority in Interest of the Limited Partners, except that no amendment may, without the consent of each Limited Partner adversely affected, increase its Capital Commitment, reduce its share of distributions, or increase the Carried Interest percentage. The General Partner may amend this Agreement without consent to reflect admissions and withdrawals, cure ambiguities, or implement an agreement under Section 14.1.",
    "15.3": "Haskett Voorlan LLP has acted as counsel to the Partnership, the General Partner, and the Manager in connection with the formation of the Partnership and the offering of Interests, and does not represent any Limited Partner. The Advisory Committee may retain independent counsel at the Partnership's expense.",
    "15.4": "The General Partner shall use reasonable best efforts to ensure that Benefit Plan Investors hold less than 25% of the total value of each class of Interests, so that the Partnership's assets are not 'plan assets' under 29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101 as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA. The Partnership shall be classified as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes, and the General Partner is its 'partnership representative' under Section 6223 of the Code. The General Partner shall use commercially reasonable efforts to hold through blocker corporations any Investment expected to generate material unrelated business taxable income or effectively connected income.",
    "15.5": "This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of Delaware. Each Partner submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware and waives trial by jury."
  }
}