{
  "answer": "Employees must obtain the Chief Compliance Officer's (CCO) written pre-clearance before making any political contribution to an incumbent, candidate, or successful candidate for state or local office (including federal candidates holding state/local office), a state/local political party, or a political action committee. Limits are $350 per election for officials/candidates for whom the employee is entitled to vote, and $150 per election for others. Primary and general elections are treated as separate elections. Contributions by a spouse/household member at the employee's direction are treated as the employee's contribution. Employees may not solicit or coordinate contributions to officials of government entities where the Firm provides or seeks advisory services. The Firm does not compensate third parties to solicit government entities. All employees are treated as covered associates under the pay-to-play rule, and pre-employment political contribution disclosures are required for candidates.",
  "source_document": "02_compliance_manual.md",
  "section": "SECTION 6. POLITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS",
  "quote": "Every employee must obtain the CCO's written pre-clearance before making any political contribution, regardless of amount, to an incumbent, candidate or successful candidate for state or local office (including a candidate for federal office who currently holds a state or local office), a state or local political party, or a political action committee. The CCO will approve a contribution to an official or candidate only if it does not exceed $350 per election for an official or candidate for whom the employee is entitled to vote, or $150 per election for any other official or candidate. Primary and general elections are separate elections. A contribution by a spouse or household member made at the employee's direction is treated as a contribution by the employee. Employees may not solicit or coordinate contributions to an official of a government entity, or payments to a political party of a state or locality, where the Firm provides or seeks to provide advisory services. The Firm does not compensate placement agents or other third parties to solicit government entities. Because the Firm's clients include public pension plans and any employee may become a covered associate through a change in responsibilities, the Firm treats every employee as a covered associate for purposes of this Section. Each candidate for employment must disclose all political contributions made during the two years before the anticipated start date, and the CCO reviews the disclosure before an offer becomes final."
}