{
  "answer": "Every employee must obtain the CCO's written pre-clearance before making any political contribution, regardless of amount, to an incumbent, candidate or successful candidate for state or local office (including a candidate for federal office who currently holds a state or local office), a state or local political party, or a political action committee. The CCO will approve a contribution to an official or candidate only if it does not exceed $350 per election for an official or candidate for whom the employee is entitled to vote, or $150 per election for any other official or candidate. Primary and general elections are separate elections. A contribution by a spouse or household member made at the employee's direction is treated as a contribution by the employee. Additionally, employees may not solicit or coordinate contributions to an official of a government entity, or payments to a political party of a state or locality, where the Firm provides or seeks to provide advisory services.",
  "source_document": "02_compliance_manual.md",
  "section": "SECTION 6. POLITICAL CONTRIBUTIONS",
  "quote": "Every employee must obtain the CCO's written pre-clearance before making any political contribution, regardless of amount, to an incumbent, candidate or successful candidate for state or local office (including a candidate for federal office who currently holds a state or local office), a state or local political party, or a political action committee. The CCO will approve a contribution to an official or candidate only if it does not exceed $350 per election for an official or candidate for whom the employee is entitled to vote, or $150 per election for any other official or candidate. Primary and general elections are separate elections. A contribution by a spouse or household member made at the employee's direction is treated as a contribution by the employee. ... Employees may not solicit or coordinate contributions to an official of a government entity, or payments to a political party of a state or locality, where the Firm provides or seeks to provide advisory services."
}